add validator staking instructions (#2488)
near/docs: docs/1.concepts/basics/staking.md

:::

## Staking overview

When you stake your NEAR tokens, you help secure the network and participate in the consensus process.
Delegating your tokens means you are entrusting them to a validator, who will stake them on your behalf. You earn rewards based on the performance of the validator.

:::info Staking concepts

- **Staking**: Locking up NEAR tokens to support the network's security and operations.
- **Validators**: Nodes that validate transactions and produce blocks. They must stake a minimum amount of NEAR to participate.
- **Delegators**: Users who delegate their NEAR tokens to validators to earn rewards without running a node themselves.
- **Staking Pool**: A smart contract that aggregates delegated tokens and distributes rewards.

:::

## How delegating works

When you delegate NEAR tokens to a staking pool:
- Your tokens are locked in the pool and used to support a validator.
- You earn staking rewards proportional to your stake.
- The validator takes a commission (a percentage of the rewards) for their services.

:::tip Key Considerations

> - **Rewards**: Staking rewards are distributed at the end of each epoch and depend on the total stake in the network and the validator's performance.

Reviewer: I think it's worth mentioning that the epoch duration is approximately 12 hours

Author: fixed

> - **Rewards**: Staking rewards are distributed at the end of each epoch and depend on the total stake in the network and the validator's performance.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Rewards**: Staking rewards are distributed at the end of each epoch and depend on the total stake in the network and the validator's performance. (note: an epoch is approximately 12 hours)
```

#### User total balance

To check your total balance on the `<my_validator>` pool:

```sh
near view <my_validator> get_account_total_balance '{"account_id": "<user-account.near>"}'
```

#### User staked balance

To check your staked balance on the `<my_validator>` pool:

```sh
near view <my_validator> get_account_staked_balance '{"account_id": "<user-account.near>"}'
```

<details>
<summary>Staking pool balances</summary>

You can view additional information and balances from the staking pool using the following CLI commands:

#### Total staked balance of the entire pool

```sh
near view <my_validator> get_total_staked_balance '{}'
```

#### Owner of the staking pool

```sh
near view <my_validator> get_owner_id '{}'
```

#### Current reward fee

```sh
near view <my_validator> get_reward_fee_fraction '{}'
```

#### Owner's balance

```sh
near view <my_validator> get_account_total_balance '{"account_id": "owner"}'
```

#### Staking key

```sh
near view <my_validator> get_staking_key '{}'
```

</details>

## Withdrawing staked tokens

> To withdraw your staked tokens, first you need to "un-delegate" them from your validator. Your tokens will enter a 2-3 epoch (approximately 48 hours) unbonding period before they can be withdrawn.

Reviewer: unstaked tokens will be available to withdraw after exactly 4 epochs, not 2-3

https://github.com/near/core-contracts/blob/a4c0bf31ac4a5468c1e1839c661b26678ed8b62a/staking-pool/src/lib.rs#L85

Author: fixed

> To withdraw your staked tokens, first you need to "un-delegate" them from your validator. Your tokens will enter a 2-3 epoch (approximately 48 hours) unbonding period before they can be withdrawn.

Author: ```suggestion
To withdraw your staked tokens, first you need to "un-delegate" them from your validator. Your tokens will enter a 4 epoch (approximately 48 hours) unbonding period before they can be withdrawn.
```
